always mobile word congress guide we are
along with asus bergamaschi and we have
already seen the zen fondue is anyway
presented at the ces of las vegas e
we want to focus however
on the interface the new zen he left
to tell you all about us
auto graphical interface functions
gladly then at the ces of las vegas
has presented the zen phone due though
the new interface was not yet
ultimately
now that the product will arrive later
Italy the first week from the second
week of April
we already have a final version of the
aunt and our graphic interface that
animate our phones that I make you
see substantially here the phone is
equipped with the flic cover what
I would like to show you already initially
to the clip cover that has a whole series
of features that recall me
the main weather applications
rather than even the camera
where I could go to take pictures
without having to open the flip then this
I am a very interesting thing
other important things la zai why e
how to say an application that covers all
the functionality of the device
holding on the screen I can
go and personalize your zai something
which very often cannot be done
why many builders animate the
phone with its own interface
graphics
that and I can't tell you to make it
my staff in this case I can
changing icons can change them
scrolling effects can change the
font colors so I'm going to create
tried an interface that i
therefore represents maybe folder that
let's say folders where I go to
put applications
I can customize them not only
changing the name but also changing
just the aesthetic part we have most
a whole series of gestures we have the
classic start up then to revive
the telephone rather than the possibility
to call an application then a
screen off
I'm going to do say the initial letter
application and this is opened
there are many other effects there is the 2
trayter there is a kind of reminder that
allows me to postpone things that
I can't make a call
just do the sheikh in the
call is called archived for
a next callback rather than if
someone calls me enough can
place your hand under the phone on
phone
therefore it no longer disturbs the
phone call remains active these are
some of the features we say of the
zai why there are many because we say
that the interesting aspect of the new
wave and then we updated it
continually usually what happens yes
update the device with the firmware
full
we instead update all the
individual applications that characterize
the zagni why then the end user will have
always the maximum experience with respect to
what is the use of the telephone
same
then a user experience that becomes
personalized but also tends to
simplify fast to speed up
some actions absolutely comes to me
while two other applications we have the
kit mode then the possibility of being able
have the phone used by you
grandchildren or children often happens that many
let's say children take the phone to
play and then the phone is not known in
what conditions come back then
I send an e-mail to the boss who does not why
he wouldn't be home to send her then
this gives me the opportunity to have
how to say a safe and limited environment
for children and we will also have the
possibility of comeback on an antivirus
that protects me from any let's say
malicious software as they are defined
another interesting thing is the possibility
to unlock the phone in two ways
one we call the standard mode that is
the one that allows me to use the
full phone and one a mode
limited where I go only to activate
certain applications this can
be used forever for i
children rather than to try the
phone to a friend of mine without it going
maybe to open special software or
as often happens with whatsapp i
social classics where everything comes
hence limit a bit the two environment
your privacy is also maintained
in short, on which applications
correct to close zen fondue e
therefore available in more cuts
we remember when it will be available ea
what prices
then the cut will be 5 inches or 5
inches and a half available from
second week of April the price is
we will announce a little later, however, there
I can say that compared to what we have
told vegas 190 dollars
$ 199 for the basic version
therefore we maintain if we do the right
proportions we can account for
where we want to get the idea of
bring luxury within everyone's reach
then a high device
performance with a series also of
accessories
maybe sold separately that
but they make it special to me
at a price that is certainly appealing
thank you so much john greek thanks to you